Add init files (#2)
saleor/saleor-email-templates: README.md

# Saleor Email Templates

The sample templates for emails are located in `templated_email`.

The `source` directory contains [MJML](https://mjml.io/) templates. Those `.mjml` files need to be compiled to HTML and put into the `compiled` directory before they can be used.

> To compile the emails you need to have Node.js 10.x or later installed. See the [Node.js installation instructions](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/) for instructions.

Reviewer: Redundant "for instructions"

```suggestion
To compile the emails you need to have Node.js 10.x or later installed. Refer to the [Node.js installation instructions](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/).
```
